docs: database management and desc table (#82)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/user-guide/table-management.md

[1]: <https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/v1.8/concepts/glossary/#tag-key>

#### Creating a table in other database

> GreptimeDB doesn's support `USE [DATABASE]` statement right now, so we must use `[database].[table]` as the table name to create or manipulate a table in other database:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GreptimeDB doesn't support `USE [DATABASE]` statement right now, so you must use `[database].[table]` as the table name to create or manipulate a table in other databases:
```

> GreptimeDB doesn't support `USE [DATABASE]` statement right now, so you must use `[database].[table]` as the table name to create or manipulate a table in other databases:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GreptimeDB doesn't support `USE [DATABASE]` statement at the moment, so you must use `[database].[table]` as the table name to create or manipulate a table in other databases:
```

> > TBD:  Creating table in distributed mode.

Reviewer: Please also remove this line. There's no difference bwteen standalone and distributed mode regarding creating tables.

1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

> Listing Tables in other database:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List tables in other databases:
```

```sql
SHOW TABLES FROM test;
```

```sql
+---------+
| Tables  |
+---------+
| monitor |
+---------+
1 row in set (0.01 sec)
```

### Describe Table

> Showing the table information in detail:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Show table information in detail:
```
